Api token 79 (#90)
unitaryfund/metriq-client: README.md

pipenv install
pipenv shell
```
Once the virtual environment has been activated, to check that the `metriq-client` API is working as expected, run the 
following example script from `metriq-client/examples/metriq_hello.py`:

> You will need to create an environment variable METRIQ_CLIENT_API_KEY to store the Metriq API key. On Linux/Unix operating systems, you can run

Reviewer: Make sure that references to variable names in text are properly enclosed in backticks. So METRIQ_CLIENT_API_KEY should be `METRIQ_CLIENT_API_KEY`

```python
from metriq import MetriqClient

> You will need to create an environment variable `` to store the Metriq API key. On Linux/Unix operating systems, you can run

Reviewer: To be clear, I'm suggesting we put this comment *outside* of the code block. So for instance, you would have:

You will need to create an environment variable `METRIQ_CLIENT_API_KEY` to store the Metriq API key. On Linux/Unix operating systems, you can run

```
export METRIQ_CLIENT_API_KEY=<the key you get from the website>
```

in your terminal. On Windows, you can similarly add this variable as an environment variable. Once you have created the environment variable, you can verify that the client works as follows:

```python
from metriq import MetriqClient

client = MetriqClient(token=os.environ["METRIQ_CLIENT_API_KEY"])
print(client.hello())
>>> {'status': 'API is working', 'message': 'This is the Metriq public REST API.'}
```

```python
from metriq import MetriqClient

> #in your CLI, run the command: export METRIQ_CLIENT_API_KEY=<the key you get from the website>

Reviewer: The `export ...` command will only work on Linux/Unix machines, so starting the comment with this would lead to the impression that this would also work on Windows. Also, I would suggest putting this information into a text cell above the Python snippet.

```suggestion
You will need to create an environment variable `` to store the Metriq API key. On Linux/Unix operating systems, you can run

export METRIQ_CLIENT_API_KEY=<the key you get from the website>

in your terminal. On Windows, you can similarly add this variable as an environment variable. 
```
